hey pikamon Wi-Fi TV pants this is
scotty fx2 here really special edition
Valentine's themed team and I decided to
make it a special double battle because
it's supposed to be a couple battle
against the boy 333 from smogon and he
decides to lead off with a fabulous as
elf that uses protect the scout for
attacks and a bamboo snow which is going
to get knocked out by sludge wave on my
needle came because my noodle king is
life form and has shear force because
he's such a beast and it knocks out
obama snow and i also lead off with my
roses for you which uses hidden power on
a shelf but unfortunately for me I self
is put out to be used to protect like a
little bit to the years and then the boy
333 decides to send out his chomp sucks
and I don't want to know what kind of
sucking that thing does but it does
intimidate both my Pokemon probably
because they're not used to being sucked
on so then I decided to switch over to
my swim at my Cupid because I figured it
he's gonna dragon dance or do some that
bullsh so I want to be able to have the
unaware ability because he does that and
place up my screens and protect with
neither kidding like oh my god I
predicted correctly he does go with
reckon dance and he is his psychic on my
nidoking because he's such a base and
then everybody like gets offended by
hail that's the beast Cupid settlements
which chomped sucks and as off and then
I decided to switch the base because I'd
rather sacrifice beauty because really
you know Kings more of a my man type
Pokemon then beauty but then a self uses
protect and chomp sucks mrs. with Draco
meteor sound like so so lucky and I
finally managed to get reflect up on my
team for more protection because he can
never be too safe but then everybody
gets buffeted by hail that includes
everybody once again cubed beauty jump
sucks and a self then my beauty restores
a little bit HP using its black sludge
because it just loves that gooey
substance so delicious yummy
then chomp sucks comes in and wanting to
try to eq my beauty but my beauty knows
better than that and use protection then
to the left here comes as of plotting
something perverted with nasty plot like
oh my god such a pervert sharply raises
its special attack and my Cupid uses
light screen to raise its special
defense and oh my god like once again
everybody gets offended by hail again
it's like so so annoying but I'm like
whatever like whatever I'm annoyed but
at least my beauty gets restored with
black sludge and chomp sucks uses
earthquake and finally does damage to my
nidoqueen but then here comes as I love
with psychic I'm thinking oh and then he
is a psychic on soup and I'm like what
the y su that I think he messed up
that's ok because I go ahead and use
call mine on its ass and it's pretty
much raised its special defense and
special attack and my needle Queen uses
dragon tail on settlements so but I
settlements nice meeting you but then it
switches out to Magneton came back town
are you freaking kidding me I'm gonna
throw a BF moment a bitch fit now I have
a soul and magnet on both strong against
my pokemon and not only that but
probably a magnet on that said you light
and that's gonna screw my Cupid so so
bad so I'm totally screwed and here's my
blonde moment instead of using sucker
punch on as well I went for earthquake I
know big mistake I let my nidoqueen fame
I'm so sorry noodlequeen please forgive
me and then my Cupid uses air / on
Magneton hoping to get that flinch
because I don't get it but then oh my
god yes as hope came through I'm sorry
Cupid I'm so sorry I didn't mean to say
as though my coupon is just wonderful
like oh my god so fabulous but then here
I do another stupid blonde moment
another blonde moment I cannot believe I
did two blonde moments in one video I go
ahead and sell out my needle king I
don't know what the I was thinking
but I sent him out because I thought he
was just a beast and what I should have
done is switched out to my scarf
roserade but
I had to be the stupid South nidoking
and my nidoking thanks because my dumb
ass didn't pay attention but here comes
Cupid the rescue with a critical hit oh
my god Cupid you're so amazing I think
we might actually win you're so
wonderful oh oh my god i love you Cupid
you're so wonderful oh my god muah then
here comes V boy 333 since out donphan
and this is what I shut it down earlier
and sent out my rosary and totally raped
this Pokemon out now I use air / on his
donphan to get rid of that sturdy with
my SL I'm sorry I keep calling you as of
I'm so sorry Cupid you know I don't mean
it but anyway i use my roses for you and
use leaf sharp and i totally destroyed
that magnet on which I should have done
earlier I cannot believe I do not do
this earlier like I had a blonde moment
I'm sorry guys but please forgive me
anyway Dantan decides to use stealth
rock think he's so smooth and cool with
the ladies and everything but you know
what stealth rocks like so so last
generation ago I mean like oh my god why
even bother using stealth rocks it's not
like I'm going to switch but I'm
guessing he can't really tag and BB boy
333 decides to send out chomp sucks just
a trying to intimidate and impress my
pokemon but like i said in my last video
like oh my god don't even try to impress
my pokemon because they're not easily
impressed and it's not gonna work like
seriously you just blow your chances
like oh my god how pathetic say even mr.
Draco meteor your aims like so so way
off and yourself out of my league like
get out of here by oh by the way my
wrist erate has weather balls returns it
to ice I know gimmicky by men SI può and
Alvey boy 3333 is down to two Pokemon
versus my for pokemon so I'm like
totally totally not worried about
donphan Don band is like no threat to me
right now because I got three pokemon
they can totally totally beat it and of
course I got my Cupid which can outspeed
it so the only thing I have to worry
about is the last pokemon and I'm just
kind of wondering what the heck is gonna
pop out it's probably gonna be something
big scary or powerful I don't know but
I'm ready for it I got it I got this and
i'm pretty sure that I can totally
totally beat it down so he sends out his
atsumare oh and I'm like oh my god
that's so cute so adorable I just want
to kill it so I use leaf storm to get
rid of it because like it's totally
totally cute but same times like totally
totally flat it's gotta take that or
maybe huge power but i want to see it's
in my face and I just want it out so
like
get out of my face talk to the hand
whatever bye bye nice meeting you thanks
bye bye so then he has gone bad by
totally don't want to kill it just yet i
want to talk around with him i wanna
play him I just want to be able to milk
him for all he's worth he's earthquake
and it does no effect my cupid but
that's okay because I'm just gonna make
him suffer I'm gonna make him suffer I'm
gonna have a revenge and you know I'm
just gonna make him go through hell and
what better way to do that then actually
bringing out the power of love so I
decide to bring out my most romantic
Pokemon ever he's so fabulous it's Romeo
the lube disc I know Scott real like one
of the most powerful Pokemon ever so
powerful it can take on Caterpie with
power of love and speaking of love Romeo
decides to use psych up on sooo bad they
get psyched up for some loving for
Juliet and raised its special attack and
a little bit of special defense also if
you notice by the way Don kinda use
rapid spin but all that break dancing is
like so not gonna help them but you know
I decided just to play around with Don
pan because and I just want to talk
around with them and you know humiliate
them with the power of love because
obviously donphan needs some loving and
what by the way of celebrating that and
going with Juliet and together we get
Romeo and Juliet I'll give a little hand
job to Romeo boost his power and we go
ahead and come out and surf and there
you go that's the end of the match guys
the power of love compels you and that's
the end good game thank you guys for
watching you guys been so wonderful and
awesome and as the end of the match
thank you v boy 323 I love you bye bye
and love you I'll so please check out my
channel Sky fx2 for more videos similar
to this or even better things so check
out my channel thank you guys coming to
raid please help the videos by and happy
Valentine's Day I almost forgot about
that about la